I know very well
You're from the village, your leg
You also have this black card
Oops, it's finally time for the black card slap in the face
I dare to bet
If this card is genuine
I will kneel on the ground and kowtow to you
If it is fake
I'll interrupt your driver
OK
Call your president over
We are easy to find
You are also suitable for us to find
Are you going to meet a big shot today?
Well, this plot is getting more and more right
The bigwigs your president wants to approach
That's me.
The big person we can find and learn from is you
Hahaha
Who do you think you are?
You don't pee. Take a picture of yourself
How big do you think your family is?
If you try it, you will know.
I'd better tell the doctor to be safe
You just wait to be crippled
He's easy to find or so
Hey, take a step
What about the Wang Hai Supreme black card?
Okay, this kid forged our group's black card
He started hitting people.
He didn't hit me in the face
He hit our bank in the face
Since you are in charge
Then I won't talk nonsense with you.
Quickly handle the loan of the Chen family
Otherwise
I'll take out all the money in your bank
Transfer to the opposite bank
Then I will see you as the president
Can't do it anymore
What do you think you are?
Dare to ask, we are easy to find